readme.md, before:

## Introduction

This document describes how to use this repository to build a minimal Linux system for a Zynq-board (demonstrated with Avnet MicroZed board) with Buildroot and set-up a development environment with Buildroot-plugin for Eclipse.

Furthermore it shows how to integrate a third-party [package](https://github.com/pavolk/xilinx_axidma.git) into a buildroot-based system.

In the subdirectory [doc](https://github.com/pavolk/buildroot_demo/blob/master/doc/) you'll find some slides, that you can follow to get started with the repository and/or use it as a base for your system.

Enjoy!

PS: Pull requests or a star if you like what you found are welcome.

## Preparation

1. Clone this repository with the buildroot as submodule

```
git clone https://github.com/pavolk/buildroot_demo.git
cd buildroot_demo
git submodule update --init
```

## Initial Build

```
cd buildroot_demo
mkdir build
cd build
make -C ../buildroot O=$(pwd) BR2_EXTERNAL=.. powertime3_defconfig
make
```

## Create SD-card

```
cd buildroot_demo/build
umount /dev/mmcblk0p*
sudo dd if=images/sdcard.img of=/dev/mmcblk0
```

**NOTE:** The output device name (of="device name") may vary (e.g. /dev/sdc).


## Setup Eclipse/Buildroot development environment

This section describes the setup of the eclipse-based environment to cross-develop and run/debug applications remotely on the target-system using the buildroot-eclipse support/plug-in.

The plug-in supports an older version of eclipse (luna), which only runs with java-runtime not newer than java-8. An issue with the buildroot's package-repository prevents the regular plug-in installation, so we'll describe, how to overcome this too.

1. Download eclipse-luna

```
cd buidroot_demo
mkdir eclipse
cd eclipse
wget https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/technology/epp/downloads/release/luna/SR2/eclipse-cpp-luna-SR2-linux-gtk-x86_64.tar.gz -O eclipse-luna.tar.gz
tar xzvf eclipse-luna.tar.gz
```

2. If necessary install "openjdk-8" to support eclipse-luna

For a debian-based system you can run this...
```
sudo apt install openjdk-8-jre
```

**NOTE:** If you have multiple java environments installed use ```update-java-alternatives``` or [jEnv](http://www.jenv.be/) to select the correct one.

3. Download the Buildroot-Plugin

Using the buildroot package-repository directly doesn't seem to work at this moment. To workaround this, download the package and install it from the local package-directory as suggested [here](https://github.com/mbats/eclipse-buildroot-bundle/issues/20).

```
cd buildroot_demo/eclipse
wget -r --no-parent  http://buildroot.org/downloads/eclipse/luna/
```

4. Install Buildroot-Plugin

Start eclipse and select the package-directory for the installation of the plugin:

*"Help" -> "Install new software" -> "Add" -> "Local"*.

Restart eclipse.

Useful documentation on how to use the Eclipse/Buildroot development environment you'll find [here](https://github.com/mbats/eclipse-buildroot-bundle/wiki).

Commit message:

add password and add useful command to readme

readme.md, after:

## Introduction

This document describes how to use this repository to build a minimal Linux system for a Zynq-board (demonstrated with Avnet MicroZed board) with Buildroot and set-up a development environment with Buildroot-plugin for Eclipse.

Furthermore it shows how to integrate a third-party [package](https://github.com/pavolk/xilinx_axidma.git) into a buildroot-based system.

In the subdirectory [doc](https://github.com/pavolk/buildroot_demo/blob/master/doc/) you'll find some slides, that you can follow to get started with the repository and/or use it as a base for your system.

Enjoy!

PS: Pull requests or a star if you like what you found are welcome.

## Preparation

1. Clone this repository with the buildroot as submodule

```
git clone https://github.com/pavolk/buildroot_demo.git
cd buildroot_demo
git submodule update --init
```

## Initial Build

```
cd buildroot_demo
mkdir build
cd build
make -C ../buildroot O=$(pwd) BR2_EXTERNAL=.. powertime3_defconfig
make
```
## Useful command

If you change a configuration in makemenuconfig , you want to save it yous shoud run
make savedefconfig
To rebuild uboot only
make uboot-rebuild
To rebuild kernel only
make linux-rebuild

To erase the directly of uboot or kernel and start a build from scratch you can add the option --dirclean

If you want to erase some overlay without doing a make clean, you should manually go to build/target and erase the diretory in question

## Create SD-card

```
cd buildroot_demo/build
umount /dev/mmcblk0p*
sudo dd if=images/sdcard.img of=/dev/mmcblk0
```

**NOTE:** The output device name (of="device name") may vary (e.g. /dev/sdc).


## Setup Eclipse/Buildroot development environment

This section describes the setup of the eclipse-based environment to cross-develop and run/debug applications remotely on the target-system using the buildroot-eclipse support/plug-in.

The plug-in supports an older version of eclipse (luna), which only runs with java-runtime not newer than java-8. An issue with the buildroot's package-repository prevents the regular plug-in installation, so we'll describe, how to overcome this too.

1. Download eclipse-luna

```
cd buidroot_demo
mkdir eclipse
cd eclipse
wget https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/technology/epp/downloads/release/luna/SR2/eclipse-cpp-luna-SR2-linux-gtk-x86_64.tar.gz -O eclipse-luna.tar.gz
tar xzvf eclipse-luna.tar.gz
```

2. If necessary install "openjdk-8" to support eclipse-luna

For a debian-based system you can run this...
```
sudo apt install openjdk-8-jre
```

**NOTE:** If you have multiple java environments installed use ```update-java-alternatives``` or [jEnv](http://www.jenv.be/) to select the correct one.

3. Download the Buildroot-Plugin

Using the buildroot package-repository directly doesn't seem to work at this moment. To workaround this, download the package and install it from the local package-directory as suggested [here](https://github.com/mbats/eclipse-buildroot-bundle/issues/20).

```
cd buildroot_demo/eclipse
wget -r --no-parent  http://buildroot.org/downloads/eclipse/luna/
```

4. Install Buildroot-Plugin

Start eclipse and select the package-directory for the installation of the plugin:

*"Help" -> "Install new software" -> "Add" -> "Local"*.

Restart eclipse.

Useful documentation on how to use the Eclipse/Buildroot development environment you'll find [here](https://github.com/mbats/eclipse-buildroot-bundle/wiki).
